Requirements - at a minimum:

-Inheritance hierarchy with at least 3 levels (meaning base class, class derived from base class, class derived from the derived class) - Cashier, StockWorker, Floor?
	3 or more classes at the most derived level - good
	At least 1 set of methods illustrating function hiding/overriding - N/A
	At least 1 set of methods illustrating virtual - good
	At least 1 non-inherited member function and at least 1 non-inherited data member in each class - name?
	Some sort of dynamic array in the base class with methods that add and remove elements - N/A
	Diamond inheritance - not quite, but I could see all 3 of the grandchild classes also 
-Class illustrating aggregation or composition of the base class (meaning a class that contains the base class) - yes?.. ish?
-6 separate operators implemented/overloaded between all of the classes. - [], ==, <=, >=, >. need one more, but would be easy to implement the < operator into Floor.
Put another way if you have 3 implementations/overloads of the plus operator it just counts as just 1 of the 6 separate operators you need to implement.
	Note: copy/move assignment operators do not count towards the 6 separate operator minimum
-Function overloading in some form that isn’t constructors or operators - not seeing any
-When invalid inputs are received to functions/operators generate appropriate errors - can't quite tell just from the diagram. 


Notes:

So, first off, I believe that this is a solid idea, but a lot of this can be done with aggregation, which is shown, but not much inheritance. If I were to do this, I'd have
the Store be the base class to other derived "subspecies" of Store, and have it aggregate a different base Worker class that has derived Cashiers, Stock workers, etc. 
I would have organized it a much different way, but there is definitely a way to accomplish what is required through this setup, although it will need some upgrades/changes
in order to meet those requirements. 

There are 3 classes at the most derived level(Cashier,StockWorker,Floor), but I think they may be aggregated, not inherited. I'm not completely sure. 

I don't see any function hiding/overriding, but there can definitely be some done. The Manager and Cashier could both be able to do certain jobs(functions),
because the Manager should know how to work the register, etc. That is another reason I find the Cashier inheriting from Manager confusing, but they could definitely 
potentially model some sort of diamond inheritance.

There are multiple classes with virtual functions. Not sure if they're using virtual in the most obvious way, but they seem to be using it anyways. 

I don't believe there is, but I think that the Name member variable could definitely be inherited, but in the diagram, it is renamed with each different class. 

I don't see any sort of dynamic array being used, but I would recommend maybe some sort of enum, maybe for customers in the store, or being served? Not sure.

I don't see diamond inheritance, but like I said before, I could see Cashier and Manager maybe supporting some sort of diamond inheritance. 

Like I said, there needs to be one more operator overload to meet the requirements, and it would be easy to apply the inverse of operator> in the Floor class, 
just using operator< to give the opposite return value or something along those lines.

I don't see any function overloading, but there is definitely some that can be done. You can have SpendMoney() also take different types of ints, or floats, etc. 

I can't quite tell if there are appropriate errors generated just from the diagram, but with the operator[] in Store, there can be some error handling to throw
out_of_range errors. 